sound/fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/thelongroad_rain.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy\music\brawler\fe_3h\thelongroad_rain.wav
sound/fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/thelongroad_thunder.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy\music\brawler\fe_3h\thelongroad_thunder.wav
sound/fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/chaossilence.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy\music\brawler\fe_w\chaossilence.wav
sound/fartsy/music/brawler/hw_aoc/aquietmoment.mp3
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy\music\brawler\hw_aoc\aquietmoment.mp3
sound/fartsy/misc/brawler/cannon_echo.mp3
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy\misc\brawler\cannon_echo.mp3
fartsy/music/brawler/hw_aoc/aquietmoment.mp3
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/hw_aoc/aquietmoment.mp3
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/chaossilence.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/chaossilence.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/thelongroad_rain.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/thelongroad_rain.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/thelongroad_thunder.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/thelongroad_thunder.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/chaoshellishblaze.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/chaoshellishblaze.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/resoluteheartsilence.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/resoluteheartsilence.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/demetori/nuclearfusion.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/demetori/nuclearfusion.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/resoluteheart.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_w/resoluteheart.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/demetori/riverstyx.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/demetori/riverstyx.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex1_calm.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex1_calm.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex1_inferno.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex1_inferno.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/ffxiv/battleatthebigbridgexiv.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/ffxiv/battleatthebigbridgexiv.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex2_calm.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex2_calm.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex2_inferno.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/fe_3h/apex2_inferno.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/kirbyfl/rochelimitp1.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/kirbyfl/rochelimitp1.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/ssbb/bossbattle1.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/ssbb/bossbattle1.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/kirbyfl/rochelimitp2.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/kirbyfl/rochelimitp2.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbcr/youwillknowournames_remaster.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbcr/youwillknowournames_remaster.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbcr/visionsofthefuture_remaster.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbcr/visionsofthefuture_remaster.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbc2/youwillrecallournames.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbc2/youwillrecallournames.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/immediatethreat.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/immediatethreat.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/youwillknowournames_finale.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/youwillknowournames_finale.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/immediatethreatpre.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/immediatethreatpre.wav
fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/youwillknowournames_pre.wav
D:\Software\Steam\steamapps\common\Team Fortress 2\tf\custom\fartsy\sound\fartsy/music/brawler/xbc3/youwillknowournames_pre.wav